Update direct-routing-protocols-sip.md (#8249)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-protocols-sip.md

> 2.  Upon notification, each endpoint will start ringing and sending the message "Call progress” to the SIP proxy. Because a Teams user can have multiple end points, the SIP proxy might receive multiple Call Progress messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Upon notification, each endpoint will start ringing and sending the message "Call progress” to the SIP proxy. Because a Teams user can have multiple endpoints, the SIP proxy might receive multiple Call Progress messages.
```
